``I knew he wasn't quite right,'' Pasqualotto said.
This is about saving lives.''
Two of the guards were convicted of assault and are in prison.
Butler, 82, has also said the men acted on their own.
Victoria Keenan, 44, spoke briefly, thanking the jury, her lawyers and her family.
In Butler's case, Vincent Bertollini, a self-styled evangelist in the anti-Semitic 11th Hour Remnant Messenger of Sandpoint, offered to pick up the expenses.
''This place was built on love,'' Butler said.
The sheriff's office will store the contents and eventually hold a sale, with the money going to Victoria and Jason Keenan, who filed the lawsuit, and their lawyers.
They don't cause trouble and they play a game.
They were reported to have burst out laughing when she died.
WITH PHOTO.
And in Virginia Beach, Va., a 19-year-old man pleaded guilty to trying to burn a cross on the lawn of an interracial couple.
Now in his legal firing line sits the Aryan Nations, a white supremacist group in Idaho.
``He wanted a better place for visitation for his mother.''
_Members of The Order, who robbed armored cars and assassinated Denver radio host Alan Berg in the 1980s;
``I know that still today there are those who believe we should not attract attention to the hatemongers,'' he said.
In a hearing on Oct. 27, Judge Lance A. Ito of the Los Angeles Superior Court said the interview contained ``nothing close to being exculpatory'' for the defense.
At least seven of these long-dormant cases are currently being re-examined in the South.
With information from the Internet, Josh created a model of a concentration camp for a school project and received an A from his teacher.
Keenan said that her son had been in the Job Corps and that he threw his Job Corps card out the window on a whim and, inadvertently, his wallet along with it.
The study is a serious one.
The plaintiffs, Victoria Keenan, now 44, and her son, Jason, now 21, who were beaten and shot at by three security guards for the Aryan Nations in July 1998, had asked the jury for nearly $12 million in compensatory and punitive damages.
But Butler scoffed at the verdict, variously comparing himself to figures in the Bible and to signers of the Declaration of Independence who were harassed for their views.
The research group based in Mongomery, Alabama, said 474 hate groups and their chapters engaged in some form of racist behavior in 1997, The Associated Press reported.